---
layout: post
title: Mr Robot
categories: []
tags: []
published: true

---
So this isn't really a post about me, but have any of you been watching Mr. Robot? I am so rididculously hooked on this show. It's the first show to ever get tech stuff right (I'm looking at you every episode of NCIS ever). Don't get me wrong, Hackers is my favorite movie of all time (even though it's not really a good movie by any objective measure), so something doesn't have to be tech-tually(?) accurate for me to enjoy it, but it does help. Somehow Mr. Robot makes watching people type commands into a terminal actually interesting to watch. A lot of that is probable due to the fantastic job by the lead actor. Also Christian Slater (now I want to go watch Broken Arrow again) and his "am I real or is this a total Fight Club thing" act is really interesting to watch.

On a somewhat related note, the show has really re-peaked my interest in Cyber Security. I had already signed up to start the Coursera <a href="https://www.coursera.org/specialization/cybersecurity/" target="_blank">Cyber Security Specialization</a> the next time it's offered (mid-August I believe?), but now I am even more excited about it. I am disappointed by Lynda's lack of Security related courses though. They don't even have a Security+ prep course, which I found odd. They do have an A+ and Network+, both of which have been released relatively recently, so maybe they are just now getting into the CompTia game. They don't have much in the way of IT courses in general though. A recently released CCENT course, not CCNA or anything either. Hopefully that will change in the future? Not a big deal, there's always books and other online training places if I need it (heard good things about Pluralsight).