---
layout: post
title: My Home
categories: []
tags: []
published: true

---
Made it to Alaska fine. My nephew keeps getting cuter and cuter through what I can only assume is witchcraft of some kind. But then I made it back to the house I grew up in and it was a gut punch right to the feels.

Little back story. My grandparents moved to Alaska before I was born, when my mom was just a kid. North end of a little town called Wasilla (as in Sarah Palin, but I try and ignore that). They were homesteaders and got themselves a gorgeous 40 acre plot of land that was, at the time, in the middle of nowhere. With help from friends, my grandpa cleared it, built a house, a runway and an airplane hanger on it. He was, among many things, a bush pilot.

I've always considered it my home. My mom and dad had their own house when they were married, but when they got divorced we moved back out here. Then she got remarried and we lived in a little fishing village called Seldovia, but that didn't work out either and we ended up moving back. So I've always considered this place the place where I grew up. It's the place where all of my best memories were made. I've spent every Christmas of my life here. And oh what a Christmas they were. When I was a kid the whole family would gather upstairs. My grandma and aunt would cook an obnoxious amount of food. There would be a sea of present extending out from the tree. Family, friends of family, everyone crammed into one tiny room. The best times of my life.

But it couldn't last forever. My sister and I are the youngest of the grandkids. Over the years the other have grown up. Gotten married, started families and Christmas traditions of their own. Every year Christmas got smaller and smaller. My grandpa passed when I was 11. A few years later my grandma got tired of living so far out of town so she bought herself a little condo in a retirement neighborhood. And then about six months ago it finally happened, she sold the property.

I knew it was coming. It was her retirement. She had it on the market for years, just kept slowly lowering the price, and finally some developer bought it. $400k for 40 acres of developable land. Quite the steal on his part. Fortunately he's letting my mom stay out here and rent the house, at least for the foreseeable future, while he develops the rest of the land. He's planning on literally turning it into an entire neighborhood, several dozen homes. The property I grew up in is becoming an entire subdivision. It's so weird. The guys is going to make millions, so good on him, but I hate it.

I didn't want my grandma to sell it, which is completely selfish. I wanted her to keep it in the family forever strictly so I could come visit once a year. Because I am a nostalgic person. Which, again, is completely selfish, but it's true.

So here I am, back at home looking out of the window at a place I only half recognize. The barn is gone. The field where my grandpa raised horses is gone. Replaced by crude gravel roads leading to unfinished cul-de-sacs. It's kicking me right in the feels.