---
layout: post
title: 120 Days
categories:
- Progress
tags:
- 
published: true

---
Yesterday I hit 120 straight days of commits on <a href="https://github.com/TaylorHuston" target="_blank">my Github</a>. Quite proud of myself. Other than that nothing too eventful has happened. Been mainly working on the UAT class I am taking. It's been a mess. It's supposed to be a team based group, form a team of 5 students (from a group of online students who live in different time zones and have never interacted before), plan out an application based on feedback from a customer using an Agile methodology, and then build that app. Doesn't seem to be the most well thought out, considering the class is only 5 weeks long. There were some issues at the beginning of the class and the teams didn't even get finalized until middle of week two, leaving about 3 1/2 weeks to find a customer, propose an app, and complete an entire sprint building that app. I think this is one of the many flaws that the 'one 5 week class at a time' format UAT uses for it's online classes. Would be much more feasible if the team had an entire normal-length semester to work on it. It's all a bit moot anyways, as one of our team members, who was also our point of contact for the customer (his roommate), has disappeared. No one knows what happened to him, so we have no way of contacting the customer. The instructor has stepped in to be our new 'customer' but it's a little late I think. My teammates will probably end up having to repeat the class. Not a big deal for me, I don't actually get a grade or credit or anything from it, but that's kind of crappy for them. I hope UAT at least doesn't charge them for the class twice, their tuition isn't cheap. In either case I got to read the online textbook though, so I got what I needed out of it.

Beyond that I've been mainly focusing on filling in the gaps in my Web Dev knowledge. Still thinking of applying to a coding bootcamp (holding off for now until things get settled with my sister's health issues), and/or any entry-level web developer jobs I can find. Re-watched the <a href="http://www.lynda.com/AllCertificates/User/1103034" target="_blank">Lynda Ruby Essentials course</a>. Also worked through <a href="https://github.com/TaylorHuston/Ruby_Koans" target="_blank">Ruby Koans</a> and the CodeCademy <a href="http://www.codecademy.com/pyCoder84523" target="_blank">Ruby course</a>. There's another Ruby course on Lynda, and Ruby Monk as well. I'll probably work through those soon, but first I'm running through the HTML Essentials, CSS Essentials, JavaScript Essentials and jQuery Essentials courses, for review. So far 90% of things I already knew, but it has reminded me of a few of the more obscure HTML5 tags I had forgotten about (totally forgot that 'aside' was a thing) and some of the CSS selectors that I never use, like sibling. Good review to make sure I don't forget the basics. I'm also debating taking a break from Ruby/Rails for a bit and going back to Full Stack JS. I like Rails, I see why people love it, but based on some very unscientific research on my part, it seems like there are currently a lot more JavaScript jobs than Rails ones at the moment. Got to go where the money is. And one of these days I will finish studying for and taking the <a href="http://education.oracle.com/pls/web_prod-plq-dad/db_pages.getpage?page_id=458&get_params=p_track_id:OCPJSE7" target="_blank">Oracle Certified Java Programmer</a> exam.